add hami example page (#8230)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/run/using_hami.md

---
title: "Using HAMi"
linkTitle: "HAMi vGPU"
date: 2025-12-15
weight: 6
description: >
  Using HAMi vGPU resources with Kueue
---

This page demonstrates how to use Kueue for running workloads with [HAMi](https://github.com/Project-HAMi/HAMi) (Heterogeneous AI Computing Virtualization Middleware) for vGPU resource management.

When working with vGPU resources through HAMi, Pods request per-vGPU resources (`nvidia.com/gpumem`, `nvidia.com/gpucores`) along with the number of vGPUs (`nvidia.com/gpu`). For quota management, you need to track the total resource consumption across all vGPU instances. 

Below we demonstrate how to support this with the [resource transformation for quota management](/docs/tasks/manage/administer_cluster_quotas/#transform-resources-for-quota-management) in Kueue.

This guide is for [batch users](/docs/tasks#batch-user) that have a basic understanding of Kueue. For more information, see [Kueue's overview](/docs/overview).

## Before you begin

> 1. The `Deployment` integration is enabled by default.

Reviewer: You can add it in a follow up since we will only publish the docs in January along with the 0.16.0 release

> When working with vGPU resources through HAMi, Pods request per-vGPU resources (`nvidia.com/gpumem`, `nvidia.com/gpucores`) along with the number of vGPUs (`nvidia.com/gpu`). For quota management, you need to track the total resource consumption across all vGPU instances. The `multiplyBy` feature automatically multiplies per-vGPU resource values by the number of vGPU instances to calculate the total resource consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with vGPU resources through HAMi, Pods request per-vGPU resources (`nvidia.com/gpumem`, `nvidia.com/gpucores`) along with the number of vGPUs (`nvidia.com/gpu`). For quota management, you need to track the total resource consumption across all vGPU instances. 

Below we demonstrate how to support this with the [resource transformation for quota management](/docs/tasks/manage/administer_cluster_quotas/#transform-resources-for-quota-management) in Kueue.
```
wdyt?
